Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Apple series 5 does everything you'd expect an apple watch to do. With a sleek design and display. The snap on band is easier to pop on and off the wrist than other watches I've used.
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Absolutely love my watch! Works amazing easy set up and it has a lot of features!
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Great watch with lots of features.
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:It said fair condition, but when I received it, I couldn’t see the scratches on the screen. I absolutely love this watch, and everyday I find something else that I love about the watch. I bought a screen protector for it, and everyone things I paid a lot for the watch! Read full review...
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Love my apple watch. Easy to program and does all types of things. My main purpose to get the watch was the fact that it has an app that calls emergency services if I fall. It also locates me if I can't talk to them.Notifies me when my favorite baseball and football games will start on tv. All types of goodies are on this watch.Read full review...
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:More features than I ever thought and easy to use!
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Communication great , shipping also great but product ehh. Have only been using this since Christmas morning & already an issue with the watch. The battery dies quickly ...
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Good smart watch, I didn't even know that I needed one so badly until I started using it.
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:The bands are so small
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Just got it so far so good easy to setup like new
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:everything is fine, everything matches, thanks!
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:I love it , I am very happy with my apple watch is perfect 
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Fabulous Series V Apple Watch
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:I just love it. They delivered it on time.
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:works as expected. Box a little bent but was told it would be before hand. The actual watch is like new. All items intact. Great value.
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Very happy so far w purchase considering it’s still charging so I haven’t really had a chance to experience it yet. I will get back to u
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:excellent condition -
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:My granddaughter is in love with this watch. I’ve gotten more than one hug with a big thank you!
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Just as described and at a fraction of the retail cost! Highly recommended.
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:This was such a great purchase! It came earlier then planned. It was exactly as stated in description.
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Good quality watch
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Love the watch, but there is a small crack on the face of the watch. This is disappointing
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Absolutely loved it, perfect condition
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Love the Apple Watch. Everything is perfect! Liked the price. TY
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:The best I had a series 2 I like it however the series 5 amazing
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:very good item
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Love the watch first one ever.
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Nice watch for the price
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:This watch is as described. Works great and looks great.
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:I really like it, food by
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Enjoying this watch
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:very high standard. It does more than any other smart watch I have owned
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:The Best
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:It’s only GPS not GPS cellular but have the price of GPS cellular
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Like new without box
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:All working exactly what we ordered.
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:All good and am thankful
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Awesome thanks
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Love the watch!
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Buy more
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:It was missing the belt and being scratched
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Will definitely recommend
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Me encanta mi reloj apple. Bien conveniente cuando no tengo mi cel cerca.
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:ok
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:good
