Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:I really like the new features and I found a great price in eBay.
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:I really like the watch. It doesn’t hold a battery charge, very long. It has to be charged every day.
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Great watch I picked up a generation newer I had a 7 grab this 8 and I love it!!!
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Enjoy the Watch and all its features. Not happy that it is cellular and I’m still having problems with Apple and Verizon to get it to work. Apparently the IMEID is not associated with any carrier. >Once the problem is fixed I will be thoroughly happy. Read full review...
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Apple knows how to make a watch- stylish and very functional! The watch is a must have! It was a gift and thoroughly appreciated!
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Meh it’s ok. Overrated at excellent. Battery life under 90%, and crown had a scratch and band area had a couple of nicks on aluminum. Too many flaws to be excellent.
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:I can't say what has worked and what hasn't just yet. Haven't been home to try and wear it yet. Maybe in a couple more weeks I'll get to evaluate the device!
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:I love this watch, and the price was right!
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:It came just as described and works great!!
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:It's a great watch, still getting used to the 45mm, since I've worn a 41mm for past couple years. Came in great, like new condition.
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:The watch works great and offers a nice alternative to keeping your phone near you all the time.
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:I love this watch. It is awesome!!!
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:This watch is wonderful!! So glad I got it! I find something new about it everyday!!!!
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Terrific! Awesome battery life!!
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Great product. Easy to use.
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:The newest member to my ecosystem.
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Works very good
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Great product!
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:It’s not so thin!
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Thank you for a great item :)
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Good watch
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Apple Watch S8. Works great
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:It’s very nice
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Exelent!!!!
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Lo que esperaba justamente
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Great product!
