Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:The Apple Watch Series 6 is a great watch to own. If you have cellular, it offers all the services your iPhone provides and it is very convenient when you exercise or do not want to take your phone with you. It is an excellent tool to monitor health indicators and stay proactive. The watch fits well in the Apple ecosystem. The S6 chip makes the applications run very fast. I highly recommend it. I have 5 of them!Read full review...
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:I upgraded from Series 4 to Series 6 (both were used), and the 6 is much better. The key difference is the battery: the 6 charges much faster, and holds the charge longer. I’m able to wear it all day and night just by charging briefly while showering and reading before bed. The improved battery means I get better data on sleep and HR, and now there’s respiratory rate as well. Watch bands are also interchangeable with these models, which is also great.Read full review...
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Just bought the Apple Watch series 6 to replace my old series 5 that I dropped and cracked the screen. Before you buy, check the differences between series to see if it is the price difference. Series 5 added the always on screen -- which I thought was a major improvement. Series 6 adds some health stuff that I'm not sure I will use.Read full review...
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:It's an Apple Watch, so you're either going to love it or hate it based on that merit alone. But if you love it, the Series 6 is close enough to the new Series 7 to be functionally identical, and now that the 7 is out the price of the 6 is a relative bargain. Great watch, great price.Read full review...
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Only pros here: I had an Ultra but couldn't afford to keep it, received a full refund. Bought the Series 6 and absolutely love it. Does everything I need in a smartwatch for under $200.
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:I haven’t owned a watch in decades. I am getting older now and decided it’s time to take better care of myself. This “Watch “ does so many different things I was amazed. The fall detection is just what I needed not to mention it keeps track of my vitals too. Wish I bought one years ago. Don’t get me wrong, this watch is for all ages and is just what I needed. When you purchase one you will not regret it.Read full review...
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:I recently returned to iOS from Android. I was perfectly happy with my Pixel 4XL but became disillusioned with Google’s walking away from both wearables and tablets in any meaningful way. The Apple Watch is so far beyond any of the other competitors that I doubt anyone else will ever catch up. It has good battery life for something with its capability, always on display, an awesome display and I love the fitness application. The software just works on this thing. If you can get one with a decent discount like I did, I don’t know how you could do better with any other device. Maybe the Samsungs can compete but for new, I hate their OS implementation. If you don’t, that’s the only other smart watch that I think can compete. Read full review...
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Nice watch with newer technology. I upgraded from the 4 Series and alternate Watches. I like the “Always On” feature, can see watch without moving like the older series.
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:I upgraded from a series 3286 and I absolutely love the additional features that it has as well as keeping the original style of the Apple Watch. Super handy great for work out listening to music or texting when you don’t have your phone near you.Read full review...
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Bought this watch for my son happy has an Apple iPhone. Set up what did he say and worked as intended. Would recommend this product.
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Excellent! Functions like the phone! Accurate! Excellent addition to your phone! Life saver if you get hurt and need help and are unable to call for help yourself and best of all, you can find your phone with the watch!Read full review...
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:It just works. Switched to iPhone from Android and watch from Samsung to Apple. Setup was a breeze. Much more support and active user community.
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:All I know is that I will be back, why, i received exactly what I was looking for at a great price. Thank you
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:I'd never had an Apple Watch previously to compare it to, but I love all the features and definite would recommend it to any that can afford it.
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Love the size and the many features. Size 44
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Fast service, Great price, Available when others didn't have it. It is my third Apple Watch and I won't be without it. I love being able to see the weather at a glance.
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:The package arrived in time to sit under the tree for Christmas! My husband was surprised to get this Apple Watch which replaced a series 5 that stopped holding a charge several months ago. Works very well.Read full review...
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Has amazing features that are hard to believe but are true. I love my watch.
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:I have only been a watch wearer for about a week. It charges quickly. I am using it for exercise and sleep, and activity tracking. It works in tandem with my phone.
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Product is excellent and arrived timely. Highly recommended.
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:iWatch 6 is sweet, loving all the features it has.
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:The only thing that can make this watch better is to take BP and glucose. Other than that the watch is amazing and great value!!!
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Worked out of the box. Easy to start using beginner and advanced features.
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:It just does everything you need. No long frustrating setup. Perfect apps.
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:I was lost until i finally got guidance on how to use this apple watch. now i love it!
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:I wasn’t sure I wanted on but I like all the features it had on it. I use it daily for my workout.
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:This watch works great, has long battery life, and is comfortable.
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Bought this for my husband, he loves it he’s never wore a watch so I wasn’t sure but he’s loved it
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Great product in quality and value!
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:The watch is a excellent addition to tracking my health needs. Very pleased with it.
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:This is my third Apple Watch. I gave one to my son for his 40th B-Day and loves it, too. Thx,Tom
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:There is way too much to write about why this device is the best thing since sliced pizza. Just know it is awesome sauce.
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Actually pristine in the box. The box itself had a few signs of wear and tear but everything was there inside and perfect
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:very good watch
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Clock is like brand new, tanks!
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Great! Works as expected!
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Love the watch. It has a deep scratch on the face but I decided to not return it because it’s not an issue with how it works
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Great product !! In love with my watch
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:first it didn’t connect with my phone but after reset it worked nicely thank you
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Simple, Great Smart Watch. I never leave home without it. This is why Apple is a cut above the rest!!
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Great watch, easy to use with lots of apps
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Would loved to have gotten to whole charging station.
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:watch is awesome It appears to be authentic and genuine. no problems to date.
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:I like it because of the price and it’s working good
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:This watch is awesome. At first, I thought I would not like the idea of a smartwatch but glad I decided to make the purchase. Great watch.
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Wears well like series 3Not too big, obviously not too small JUST RIGHT!
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Came in excellent shape and with a lot of accessories.
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:I simply love my Apple Watch
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:This watch a awesome. Same features as the series 7 for less money.
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:This is an excellent watch. I recomend it.
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Watch is as described and is perfect for a refurbished one. Very happy with the purchase
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:I understand a product being used, but the damages to a product is unacceptable.
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Very nice :)“Dick Tracy” style watch! A big plus.Great heart rate monitor.
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Excellent even the battery is excellent
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Guess FedEx works with the US post office.
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:excellent
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:everything new, I arrive on time.
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Nice watch, no scratches, works great.
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Excellent    just as described. Cleaning packaging. Works awesome.
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:This is a very good product, but is expensive.
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:great watch,very happy
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:I had my previous watch for three years. Great upgrade.Great watch.
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Great motivator. Love it everyday. And it'll find your phone when you can't.
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:is good product
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:This is what I expected, an excellent purchase and a lot of seriousness.
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:I love the products just has seen online .
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Does everything I need it to and more. Absolutely could you've without it now.
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:These watches are very informative. My AFib was brought to my attention by this watch !!
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:They are an amazing company to deal with and products are great
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:works perfect!
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Great watch. Lots of apps and readily readable notifications without having to open your phone. ECG and heart monitoring are great tools
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Good quality, works great
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Love this watch! Helps keep me on track with my health and even tells time!
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:I upgraded finally from a series 2 to the series 6 and like it!
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:So fast, so useful.
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Purchased and presents as new
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:great watch, everything I could hope for
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Great product as described would recommend.
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Useful. Helpful. Practical. Comfortable.
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:It’s a great watch thank you!
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:It work greatAnd any one should buy it
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Everything ok thanks
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:very satisfied, recommend to everyone
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:The entire purchase and set up was seamless.
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Perfect for me to track health and activity
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Exactly what I ordered! Thank you!!
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Awesome watch in great condition!
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Great watch. Has everything I need. Love the walkie-talkie app.
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Great deal
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Very nice watch . BH 99% . Like new !
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Good price for this watch.
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:great price and product
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Came in as expected no issues at the moment
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Great purchase very satisfied
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Watch had many scratches. Screen looks like it’s broken.
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Good watch, perfect for the day.
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Happy, happy with my watch
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Very nice one. & Received early.
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Does everything but wash the dishes.
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Unbelievable functions
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Great watch. Just need time to learn more about it
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:all in one
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Awesome watch
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Apple Watch is a good product. I had one that I just sold and it held up great and was a huge help in my everyday life! Highly recommend product!
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:More than I expected
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Thank you very much!,,,
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Really like it
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Awesome
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Very happy with product
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:the best
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Great watch, mirrors everything from the phone
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Thank you perfect watch
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:The watch is ok and working fine, though didnt come in the original packaging as described.
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Everything worked great
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:I recommended to everyone.
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Very happy with it
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Not satisfied because the ink dot was foundThe warranty period remains, but it is necessary to check if repair is possible.
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Perfect!
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Love it!
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Glad I purchased saved like $60
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Like watch. Added a metal ban.
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Nice watch
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Great purchase absolutely perfect condition works great
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:It doesn’t want to power on!
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Came without arepa and charger
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:He delivered an item different from the one he was offering.
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:I like it ,is it of good quality
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:This item is perfect. Very good quality!
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Rip Off!!! Over priced
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:All good!
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Todo nuevo, aprueba de agua y todo.
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Produto com ótima qualidade
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:All good
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Awesome!!
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Very good
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Excelente producto
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Awesome
