Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Apple Watches are great tools to help you track your moving/exercising habits. It has amazing features to track your blood oxygen levels, heart beat, step count, calories burned, and it even keep track of your sleepRead full review...
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:The watch function is ok but the wrist band is of a very poor design. In the first couple of days that I wore the watch it spontaneously came off my wrist 2 times. Once when I was simply sitting at the dinner table it caught on the edge of the table and released falling to the floor. Another time it spontaneously released when I was running a chain saw. It fell down to black dirt. Read full review...
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Apple Watch is the best. Looking forward to learning how to us all the features, especially the health programs.
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Great watch and looks brand new! Like all the features that these watch provides.
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Only reason why I’m giving this item a low rate is because it did not include a charging cord. Lucky for me, I have a charging station for multiple devices.
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:I love this thing! It keeps me connected when I can’t have my phone especially when I’m dancing or training in the gym.
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:i don't really care for the skinny band for the watch, i thought it would be the normal more thicker band
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:I like it for many reasons its very high tech and comfortable to wear as well.
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Great integration with a big, bright screen! Looking forward to years of use
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Working well , good product
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:It has all the necessary functions of a wearable and being in the apple ecosystem, its a good addition
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:The best Watch
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Love this watch. Upgrade from Apple 5 watch.
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Received a new Apple iWatch 9 45 mm at used prices. ++++
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Fast accurate and a good deal!
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Great purchase
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Great product!
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Everything was great!
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:Awesome! A++++
Classify the following review as either 'positive', 'negative', or 'neutral' in one word:AAAAAAAAA
